Updating git clone link and adding additional detail on deployment options. (#15)
aws-quickstart/quickstart-aws-biotech-blueprint-cdk: docs/partner_editable/deploy_steps.adoc

endif::marketplace_subscription[]
// \Not to be edited

=== Deployment Options

The Biotech Blueprint is built with the AWS CDK which allows for two deployment options. 

If you just want to get going ASAP, follow the CloudFormation Deployment option (1).

If you prefer using the awesome https://aws.amazon.com/cdk/[AWS CDK], follow the CDK Deployment option (2).

> 

Reviewer: Instead of "get going ASAP" and "awesome CDK", I would suggest to provide more tangible differences to help user decide when they should pick each options. I think you are intending to provide guidance to the user, and by explaining the tangible benefits, user will be able to better make a decision.

Author: Made the language more descriptive.

> Both deployment options take about ~7 minutes to complete and create the exact same resources. The primary difference is that the AWS CDK option takes a little more time to initially setup (<5 min), but the CDK code is easier to maintain overtime compared to the CloudFormation template in option 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both deployment options take about ~7 minutes to complete and create the exact same architecture. The primary difference is that the AWS CDK deployment option takes a little more time for initial setup (<5 min), but the CDK code is easier to maintain overtime compared to the CloudFormation template in option 1.
```

> TIP: The option to restrict your account to specific regions (ex US or EU only) is only available for those using the CDK deployment path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: The option to restrict your account to specific regions (ex US or EU only) is only available for CDK deployment option.
```
